Docs: Fix symetric key to asymetric key (#82754)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/ssl-overview.md

- **Intelligent routing** – By decrypting the traffic, the application gateway has access to the request content, such as headers, URI, and so on, and can use this data to route requests.
- **Certificate management** – Certificates only need to be purchased and installed on the application gateway and not all backend servers. This saves both time and money.

> To configure TLS termination, a TLS/SSL certificate is required to be added to the listener to enable the Application Gateway to derive a asymmetric key as per TLS/SSL protocol specification. The asymmetric key is then used to encrypt and decrypt the traffic sent to the gateway. The TLS/SSL certificate needs to be in Personal Information Exchange (PFX) format. This file format allows you to export the private key that is required by the application gateway to perform the encryption and decryption of traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure TLS termination, a TLS/SSL certificate must be added to the listener. This allows the Application Gateway to decrypt incoming traffic and encrypt response traffic to the client. The certificate provided to the Application Gateway must be in Personal Information Exchange (PFX) format, which contains both the private and public keys.
```

Reviewer: @aeimer The same change applies to both articles.

Author: @vhorne Sorry my bad. I missed the scond file
